Mixed replan (#288)
ros-planning/navigation.ros.org: behavior_trees/trees/nav_to_pose_and_constant_replanning_and_if_path_becomes_invalid.rst

.. _behavior_tree_nav_to_pose_and_replan_if_path_invalid:

> Navigate To Pose And Constant Replanning And If Path Becomes Invalid

Reviewer: "With" constant replanning, I think is the right terminology we've used in the past

Reviewer: Mostly also so that we don't have 2 "and"s in the title

Reviewer: Maybe ` Navigate To Pose with Consistent Replanning and If Path Becomes Invalid`?

In this behavior tree, we attempt to retry the entire navigation task 6 times before returning to the caller that the task has failed.
This allows the navigation system ample opportunity to try to recovery from failure conditions or wait for transient issues to pass, such as crowding from people or a temporary sensor failure.

> In nominal execution, replanning can be triggered by an a invalid previous path, a new goal or if a new path has not been created for 15 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In nominal execution, replanning is triggered by the path becoming invalid (e.g. in collision), a new goal is received, or after 15 seconds to refine the path occasionally during execution.
```

> However, this time, if the planner fails, it will trigger contextually aware recoveries in its subtree, clearing the global costmap.

Reviewer: This continuance of the paragraph doesn't make sense anymore with your changes from the original other BT page you copy pasted this from. I think this needs to be a new paragraph and changing the wording to make sense. There is no "this time" in this paragraph / previous explanation
